[Excel] (Custom Functions 1.3) Update error handling article (#2203)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-errors.md

## The CustomFunctions.Error object

> The `CustomFunctions.Error` object is used to return an error back to the cell. When you create the object, specify which error you want to use by choosing one of the following `ErrorCode` enum values.

Reviewer: What do you think about linking directly to the ref docs for this Error object? I always like doing that for the first reference to an object in the article.
```suggestion
The [CustomFunctions.Error](/javascript/api/custom-functions-runtime/customfunctions.error) object is used to return an error back to the cell. When you create the object, specify which error you want to use by choosing one of the following `ErrorCode` enum values.
```

Author: Great idea!

|ErrorCode enum value  |Excel cell value  |Meaning  |
|---------------|---------|---------|
|`divisionByZero` | `#DIV/0`  | Be aware that JavaScript allows division by zero so you need to write an error handler carefully to detect this condition. |

> |`invalidName`    | `#NAME?`  | There is a typo in the function name. Note: this error is supported as a custom function input error, but not as a custom function output error. | 

Reviewer: Instead of the "Note: ..." structure, consider phrasing this like "Note that ...". It avoids the awkward colon.
```suggestion
|`invalidName`    | `#NAME?`  | There is a typo in the function name. Note that this error is supported as a custom function input error, but not as a custom function output error. | 
```

> |`invalidNumber`  | `#NUM!`   | There is a problem with a number used in the formula. |

Reviewer: I think this reads the same without the "used".
```suggestion
|`invalidNumber`  | `#NUM!`   | There is a problem with a number in the formula. |
```

> |`invalidReference` | `#REF!` | The function refers to an invalid cell. Note: this error is supported as a custom function input error, but not as a custom function output error.|

Reviewer: Same note comment as above.
```suggestion
|`invalidReference` | `#REF!` | The function refers to an invalid cell. Note that this error is supported as a custom function input error, but not as a custom function output error.|
```

> |`invalidValue`   | `#VALUE!` | A value used in the formula is of the wrong type. |

Reviewer: Same "used" suggestion as above.
```suggestion
|`invalidValue`   | `#VALUE!` | A value in the formula is of the wrong type. |
```

throw error;
```

> The `#VALUE!` and `#N/A` errors also support custom error messages. Custom error messages will be displayed in the error indicator menu, which is accessed by hovering over the error flag on each cell with an error. The following example shows how to return a custom error message with the `#VALUE!` error.

Reviewer: I tend to favor present tense over future. YMMV, but I think it's more concise and clean.
```suggestion
The `#VALUE!` and `#N/A` errors also support custom error messages. Custom error messages are displayed in the error indicator menu, which is accessed by hovering over the error flag on each cell with an error. The following example shows how to return a custom error message with the `#VALUE!` error.
```
